README.md, before:

# Django Package Template

Cookiecutter template for Python packages

### Usage

1. Install cookiecutter on your machine:

```bash
pip install -U cookiecutter
```


2. In the terminal, navigate to where you want to create your repository and call:

```bash
cookiecutter gh:Thermondo/django-package-template
```

### Documentation

Cookiecutter documentation can be found here:
https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/

### Releasing a package

#### Public PyPi

To release a new PyPi package you will need the [Travis Client][travis-cli].

Simply execute the following command and follow the instructions:

```bash
travis setup pypi --com
```

Confirm the default values. You will find the PyPi credentials in our
1Password team vault.

[travis-cli]: https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb#readme

#### Private packages

We install private packages directly via GitHub.

For pip simply add

```
-e git+https://GITHUB_TOKEN@github.com/Thermondo/REPO_NAME.git@VERSION_TAG#egg=PACKAGE_NAME
```

and for Pipenv use

```
PACKAGE_NAME = {git = "https://GITHUB_TOKEN@github.com/Thermondo/thermondo-salesforce.git", ref = "VERSION_TAG"}
```

You can find the GitHub access token in our 1Password vault.

Commit message:

Resolve #5 -- Add repository setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Django Package Template

Cookiecutter template for Python packages

## Usage

### Installation

1.  Install Cookiecutter

    ```bash
    pip install -U cookiecutter
    ```
    
2.  [Install Hub][hub] the GitHub CLI tool.

3.  To release a new PyPi package you will need the
    [Travis Client][travis-cli].

[travis-cli]: https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb#readme

### Creating the package

In the terminal, navigate to where you want to create your repository and
call:

```bash
cookiecutter gh:Thermondo/django-package-template
```

You will be prompted simply follow the instructions.
    
The repository will be created for you automatically and the initial
boilerplate code will be committed and pushed.

For more information on how to use Cookiecutter, please visit their
documentation: https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/

[hub]: https://github.com/github/hub#installation

### Setting up the repository

1.  Go to the repository settings and disable Wikis, Projects and merge commits.
    
2.  Go to the repository contributor settings. In the team section add `Developers`
    with `write` access.

### Private packages

We install private packages directly via GitHub.

For pip simply add

```
-e git+https://GITHUB_TOKEN@github.com/Thermondo/REPO_NAME.git@VERSION_TAG#egg=PACKAGE_NAME
```

and for Pipenv use

```
PACKAGE_NAME = {git = "https://GITHUB_TOKEN@github.com/Thermondo/thermondo-salesforce.git", ref = "VERSION_TAG"}
```

You can find the GitHub access token in our 1Password vault.
